can we agree on what happens to things
in neon let's talk about that good
mythical morning to ya happy st. Paddy's
Day everybody and look out if you're not
wearing at least one stick of glowing
green goop you're gonna get pinched
pinched that's how we say it for many
people this holidays doesn't excuse to
chug green beer and speaking bad Irish
accents all day but here at GMM we take
things a bit more serious that's right
we shove stuff and green glow stick goo
for a month and today we get to find out
what happened to that stuff and we may
do the occasional bad accent yes we
might is worth noting the glow sticks
contains several reactive ingredients
that can be dangerous when not handled
properly or when mixed with certain
other ingredients okay
we definitely don't recommend trying
this at home just watch us do it
so now let's follow that glowing green
light coming from the basement and check
the Shelf that we leave things on or as
we like to call it the Shelf that we
leave things all we've done coke bleach
air gun assault pool water nail polish
remover mouthwash champagne shamrock
shakes and Irish whisky at 93 Infiniti
g20 margaritas dirt and wine whoo today
with party it's time for left on a shelf
glow stick Edition the mythical crew has
filled jars with glow stick juice and
let the variety of items in those jars
for a month all in the name of Internet
science in st. patty so now we must
guess what happened to those items if we
can guess more than half the rounds
correctly we'll receive a bottle of glow
that's right J Lo's 2002 perfume
available at Walgreens not a sponsor and
if we can't guess more than half the
rels correctly will receive a bottle of
glow J Lo's 2002 perfume available at
Walgreens
not a sponsor okay now anyone who's
cracked a glow stick knows that those
suckers eventually fade out right so in
the spirit of st. patty they've added a
fresh glow stick and a little green
light to every jar to maximize the
Emerald Isle effect all right it's go
time baby let's see our first items left
in glow stick I can't help but
notice that there is a a cat this is if
that's purring it's a note it's moving
y'all put this y'all put a I'll put a
cat a lifelike cat in glowsticks and
then this is a doll of sorts rat rats
with the z-man brats dog
alright so so here's our options which
one's face melted down like Ashley
Simpson when caught lip-synching on SNL
hashtag never forget I'd forgotten
because that's been a while kind of like
an Irish jig - get out of there - if you
remember that's true I've blocked it out
yeah he likes and then she like oh gosh
okay
so we gotta choose which one is they're
both a the cat is that the Bratz doll or
is it both that the face melted down
well I feel like you see the face on
that thing I think that there's there's
paint is that that may have it's hard
it's not a soft face though
but what if the face just melted off but
if you have the details melt it off I
mean here this cat you know what I
couldn't have a cat like this I'd do
that I'd play that game I think you can
go to sleep and you can put the cat on
your chest and it will like her and you
know yeah I'll do that later on my own
time to soothe you but anything that
would happen to that cat's face we also
have this whole body right we're gonna
say Bratz dolls Bratz you know so so
let's look I guess the cat's in here
let's look at the cat first you want to
that first is I don't oh my gosh what a
poor cat so it's even blocking much of
the much of the glow situation oh my
gosh the freakin face melted off do you
see that oh we won't just the face just
completely just came right off of it I
mean all the hair just came right off of
it it's just this exposed skull and you
can see it's poor nose
oh my gosh I feel very sorry for this
fake cat well it's it's moving as if
it's alive then I guess what we're
saying is that it nothing happened to
the Bratz doll or maybe both
to both of them there's her face she is
totally in she looks good I mean she
looks like a month and a glowstick did
her right don't make this weird
we're just wrong let's leave it at that
okay we've got uterus and a foot both
from a pig all right good job guys
yeah we did it uterus and foot what what
do you mean we did it I'm just trying to
celebrate a little bit okay yeah it's
yeah it's this it's this is this is a
day of celebration it stinks a little
okay which pig part turned undeniably
white like a sports bar during a
televised polo match anybody ever been
denied and it's either A or B but
there's no option for both on this oh
well this one's already more white yeah
but did it did it go undeniably white
undeniably why now this is pretty
uniform that baby balloon there is um
you know I it's it's very tenacious you
know it's yeah you got that baby big
pushing on it I don't want to make this
graphic I said well I just kind of want
to get a idea of what we're dealing with
it oh that's not is there like a little
baby pig in heart I'm sorry why does it
look like a thing of grapes here's
here's what I'm gonna gosh it's horrible
why what I'm thinking about you cuz cuz
you're eating and I'm gonna push that
out of frame I'm also gonna push this
out of frame because you're eating
delicious and I plan to eat at some
point let's just turn to the ones that
have been left in close six I think I
think that um I think this turn white is
that what you're thinking cuz I see my
pickled pig's feet yeah that's a good
point they've been picking there forever
like I there's pickled pig's feet it did
it did Duncan Junction I agree that are
like been an effort probably 40 to 50
years so we're saying the uterus push to
the bot oh gosh is that yellow it's that
undeniably white well you got to open it
up and pull it out and see you
oh it stinks that's it
it's yellow that's unbending aiyah bleep
yellow but I think that maybe that's all
y'all calling that undeniably that's
white yeah ok I will call it undeniably
yellow please do not open that because
if you think that smells bad that smells
really bad really just look at it and
just imagine what it would smell yes
what a nightmare
ok I mean this thing it uterus turned
the water dark uh-huh green almost no
and then it it's not undeniably white
because there's some pink Ness hanging
around let's send this around please
take it away take it away we were wrong
we don't care
speaking of glowing you know he's been
glowing lately Josh go chef Josh I think
he might be pregnant
he's not be sure to check out the
mythical kitchens latest episode of
snack smash where Josh smashes together
a brand new snack
takis pokey pokies Pocky how creative
mythical kitchen channel check it all
right so this is gonna be the final
round specifically of leaving things in
glow sticks because in the next round
we're gonna be doing some different
right now the mythical crew has
carefully injected raw eggs and green
grapes with a heaping dose of glowstick
fluid okay they're asking us which one
will glow bright like link that one time
he accidentally sat on a lava lamp right
yeah you weren't experimenting or
anything
was it the eggs are the grapes all right
so you say you injected it would have to
come through the shell of the egg in
order to glow well you know if you put a
backlight and you yeah well we're really
hoping my probably sing about bag lights
you can see like a baby chicken being
informed right
yeah I've seen that I've seen that and
then was like a green grape and these
are translucent mean there's a skin
business
that you'd have to come through on the
grapes as well I don't know something
about the eggs not just I feel like the
eggs are you gonna be the one that globe
I don't know why this is translucent I
agree that in my intuition says these
are gonna glow but the you know eggs
that glow that just feels like something
we write on the Internet
Wow and we are all in the internet right
and the Internet at large I hope that
this happens but we've already lost oh
we've already lost okay we're gonna go
with the eggs but we're gonna reveal at
the same table but we got it and you're
gonna hit them we gotta bring the light
down we're gonna bring the lights down
here we go
three two one oh it's the eggs these
things called eggs it's the eggs and
it's not the grapes at all what what in
the world there's a very very tiny if
you can't see you're not gonna see that
on camera you can see that with the
naked eye you see there's a very tiny
little peak of glow that doesn't make it
through the skin at all okay bring the
lights up okay those eggs are haunted
now in in in your shot here even with
the lights down you couldn't see the
glow Casey had to like change the
sensitivity of her camera in order to
show you what we were seeing with our
naked eye which is well it was so
impressive from the naked eyes it's the
wrong season for haunted eggs we got one
right that's what I know but we still
got less than half right so we hit JLo's
glow yeah there it is take a whiff of
that to get rid of the pig's feet smell
okay okay that's enough I mean it smells
like JLo a lot better than pigs feet
okay we have no idea what this stuff is
for but we appear to have some
toothpaste and I'm I think this is blood
looks like blood
okay all we know is that in this round
instead of working together to find the
answer we're competing against one
another okay for the mythical morning -
yeah hello chase yes that's me yeah
you're back I am back in a whole year
it's been a while yeah you got the same
outfit got a better accent than we do
not better than last year though what
what are we doing so I'm gonna give you
guys a ritual and then whoever can
answer it gets the power of choice you
get to decide which one of those will
you'll put in the jar of glow six
because one of them has a very strong
reaction you ready for the riddle the
other one does not
okay all right it has a strong reaction
I'm ready for the riddle yeah I get the
special prize Oh a special prize
surprise yeah okay all right what's your
riddle oh you always have to work with
something in my eye
what am I an optometrist that's not
correct um always have to work with
something in my eye
you always have to work with something
in my eye what Emily ah needle you know
that's just my thought process you know
what I'm talking Aleppo cons okay so am
I allowed to squirt this or do I have to
put the whole thing because that would
be stupid
squirts a little bit I can squirt but
you are using the toothpaste or what
what's this blood from its from the pots
of gold a golden apostle just a weird
leprechaun this is a double rainbow yeah
I'm gonna go with the with the thinner
nastier material I'm gonna give you the
oh I believe that I think you chose Nick
I think that's thick and it's not gonna
react
I think this blood is thinner than
toothpaste why are you stepping back you
don't know come on come on we're up here
this is what is you a leprechaun I snuck
here oh I'm assuming there's something
came to faith that's gonna make some
we're gonna we gonna do this in unison
yeah three two one go
Wow that was right look at that look at
those octagonal bubbles you know what
this is like that's crazy
put something on a cut and it bubbles up
good look at that look at that network
of bubbles it's a network of bubbles
it's like a hive oh it's still it's oh
it's still coming up put it out okay
what's the special problem engine you
ready for your special probably no
coming up look at that yeah you get yeah
thank you you know what now a nice
thank-you JLo for not sponsoring this
episode
spray it on your bubbles they're spray
some JLo on your public getting to go
down what if the whole studio just blew
up what what if that was the end of
everything glow might work with beef
bring it in it works oh we also left
links glasses and glow stick fluid for a
month that's where those have been
thanks for subscribing and clicking that
bell you know what time it is
hi my name is Sophie Miller I'm the
pterodactyl from Topeka Kansas
and time to spin the wheel of
mythicality dr. Sophia click the top
link to watch us make glow-in-the-dark
balloon animals and good mythical more
and if I know whether we limit the
gallon he's gonna land a turret alright
gently you missed you missed all of you
missed literally all of it just get it
on the chocolate don't yell at me I'm
sensitive delicate rustic that's great I
think it's good yeah